Only one workflow for setup config (#8937)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/dynamic-config.adoc

== Config continuation constraints

Some constraints on continuing pipelines from a `setup: true` configuration are as follows:

- The `setup` configuration must be `version: 2.1`.
- The `setup` configuration must only allow one workflow to run in each pipeline. For example:
** Have only one workflow configured.

> ** Use logic conditions to ensure only one is allowed for each pipeline.

Author: ```suggestion
** Use logic conditions to ensure only one workflow is run for each pipeline.
```
